1.What are the new features added in Java 8 ?

    Answer: Lambda expression − Adds functional processing capability to Java.

                Method references − Referencing functions by their names instead of invoking them directly. Using functions as parameter.

                Default method − Interface to have default method implementation.

                New tools − New compiler tools and utilities are added like ‘jdeps’ to figure out dependencies.

                Stream API − New stream API to facilitate pipeline processing.

                Date Time API − Improved date time API.

                Optional − Emphasis on best practices to handle null values properly.

                Nashorn, JavaScript Engine − A Java-based engine to execute JavaScript code.
2.Create a list of String with 20 different data and display it using stream API.
    Answer: employeeList.stream().forEach(s-> System.out.println(s.toString()));

3.Filter the list of String starting with “A” and length between 4 and 8.
        Answer:
4.Filter the list of String containing “aj” and not containing white space.
        Answer: List<String> noWhiteSpace = nameList.stream().filter(s -> s.contains("aj") && !s.contains(" ")).collect(Collectors.toList());

5.Create a list of Integers and filter the numbers greater than 50 and less than 100.
6.Create a list of Integers and filter the even numbers.
7.Create a list of Integer and filter the odd numbers
8.Create a list of Integers and filter the positive numbers.
9.Create a list of Integers and filter the negative numbers.
10.Create a list of Integers and map it to the square of every element and collect it to set.
11.Create a list of Integers and sum it using reduce.
12.Create a list of String and make a single string separate by delimiter ‘|’ pipe.
Output should be  ram|shyam|hari|sita
13.Create a class employee with the following parameters
Id
Name
Address
Email
Mobile number
Age
Designation
Salary
Experience
14.Create a list of Employees with 15 objects of different data using constructor and getter setter methods.
15.Create a function to display the list of Employees.
16.Filter the employees whose salary is greater than 20000.
17.Filter the employees whose designation is CTO or DCTO.
18.Filter the employee whose age is between 20 and 25 and salary is less than 15000.
19.Filter the employees who are using gmail.
20.Filter the employee whose mobile number length is not equal to 10.
21.Filter the employees whose name starts from “s” and age is greater than 25.
22.Create a class called MinimalDto with parameters with all arguments and no arguments constructor
Id
Name
Address
Email
23.Map a list of employees to List of minimal Dto class along with above filters from point number 15 to 21.
24.Find the sum of salary of the employees along with the above filters from point number 15 to 21.
